# UNS-CV Rio Grande // 07.22.5016u 06:00

**CRESSIDIUM** was charted and settled in the twilight years of the Union's Second Committee, during a time when many bureaucrats and military commanders were fleeing their homeworlds looking for a safe haven from the ongoing revolution. Those that fled to Cresidium's budding colony purged all information on the planet, isolating it from the Union and leaving it to develop on its own. 

Approximately 500 years later a survey team charting distant planets made contact, surprised to discover a highly developed world interested in rejoining the galactic community after centuries of isolation. An ambassadorial delegation was quickly dispatched to Cressidium to begin the process of negotiating its admittance into Union once more. 

The Union is currently visiting Cressidum for the third time- this time with intent to remain until negotiations have concluded. These trips have been largely uneventful thus far, with most of the delegation group’s time spent shuttling diplomats and scientists to and from the planet, loading and unloading cargo, and running various drills. Union Ambassador **NILAN BANNERJEE** is leading delicate negotiations between two of the planet’s major nations, the **LEANDRIC STATES ALLIANCE (LSA)** and the **VESTAN SOVEREIGNTY (VS)**. These powers have been locked in a cold war for decades, and the continued presence of Union at the LSA’s request has exacerbated tensions between them. The LSA, first to make contact with the colonial survey team, has been very receptive to the possibility of becoming a Union member state once more, while the VS is much more distrustful. A series of diplomatic summits have been held at the metropolitan LSA port city of **NOV ELYSIA**, of which this one is the latest.

Accompanying the ambassadorial delegation is a Union Navy ship, the **UNS-CV RIO GRANDE**, under the command of Captain **BRIGID FARRIS**. The Rio Grande is an Ebro-class light carrier, a vessel well-suited for both independent patrols and escort duties like the one she’s currently performing as part of the diplomatic mission. Smaller than a mainline naval carrier, the Rio Grande is nonetheless readily capable of ferrying personnel and materiel both on- and offworld, and she carries a compliment of strike craft in reserve in case of unexpected hostilities. The PCs (Designated **ECHO SQUAD**) are stationed aboard the Rio Grande, having been recently assigned to her following their graduation from pilot training academy. This is their first posting as fully trained and qualified mechanized chassis pilots.