# Nov Elysia // 07.22.5016u 15:21

At 14:00 officers on the Rio Grande became aware of a Vestan Sovreignty attack on Nov Elysia. Ongoing jamming prevented anyone on the ground from being raised, so Squads Delta, Echo, and Foxtrot were assigned to hot drop to the site designated FOB Saber. Their orders are to secure the area and allow the landing of second-wave scouting parties to assess the situation and attempt to locate the Union's missing personnel: Ambassador Bannerjee and Captain Farris -  both of whom were in Nov Elysia with a security detail at the time comms went dark.

Kingfisher 2-2, carrying Echo Squad to FOB Saber's location, came under fire upon entering Nov Elysia airspare before eventually being shot down by an unidentified beam weapon. The team crash landed in a plaza with all passengers unharmed in their mechs, but the pilot DOA. Vestan Sovereignty patrol forces pushed the plaza to investigate the crash, but the team held them off before eventually forcing them to retreat. The team secured a location for brief field repairs before moving on towards FOB Saber.

# Nov Elysia // 07.22.5016u 17:38

Moving through the streets of Nov Elysia towards the rendevous point the team came across a truck loaded with civilians, some wounded, under escort by LSAMC Squad Leaping Bullfrogs. The team launched a joint attack with the Bullfrogs on a VS roadblock, forcing their way through with only a single ejected VS pilot managing to escape. The trucks and bullfrogs are briefly regrouping with the team, intending to move on to a defense shelter soon.